Oh I said I was going to compare to C5, not really fair of me but this one is Harmon Kardon so hey it has the best sound quality so it takes the edge :)













99?? SERIOUSLY??? I can't tell you what a great value this item is !!! This item even has a support system on the bottom to help prevent your smartphone from falling out ! I would def recommend this !!

Very easy to install and use!!
 Good luck and have fun with this!
Please click 'Yes' if helpful









  :p








Honestly this is the best charger I have found to date!
I recommend it!

)Very handy!

-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann

[Review Sample Provided For Review And Evaluation]

12 month warrantyreview sample


 Also, the design and color are awesome!


 Its easily going to protect your phone without having to spend a ton of money, this I really enjoyed! The color is one of my favorites to begin with and it looks even better in person! Quality is there and for the price you cant beat it! I am very satisfied with this purchase!!
 That being said, I love the color and even more, I love that you can have such a streamlined non bulky case that provides so much peace of mind!
I purchased this for my neices and she absolutely loves it - it is not overly bulky which is very nice - Less costly than some of the alternatives - gives a wonderful sense of security knowing that should you accidentally drop it in or out of water you'll be safe and your phone will be protected
  She loves the color too!!!

  This cable is perfect!
-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann




  Makes my days much easier, no chargers every 2 hours!
 I am very pleased with this product and extremely happy that I ordered this!

  :)
 check out a little review of this item link is in the comments










  Great case!
why would you buy anything else?  This should be a "no brainer!"

I purchased this for my neice and she absolutely loves it - it is not overly bulky which is very nice - Less costly than some of the alternatives - gives a wonderful sense of security knowing that should you accidentally drop it in or out of water you'll be safe and your phone will be protected



  It looks cute, too!Now my dash doesn't look like an engineer's workbench!
-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann






Those people who complain about the specs or lack of advanced features are just missing the point!

 based on the price it works ok


 Really fast! High reccomended!




*Sample provided for review
A copy of the speaker was provided free and this review was prepared with the assistance of Caytie Ribble

~~~ Comments & questions welcome ~~~



review sample provided

)

 If the product sucked, I'd say so!
 Giving 5 stars for the elegance and sound quality/volume,


This stays connected for up to 30'
MOCREO Waterproof Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Indoor/Outdoors Ultra mini W/ Dual Speakers / Rechargable Built-in Battery / TF card Supported for iPhone,iPod,Samsung Galaxy S3/S4/S5 and Other Bluetooth Devices,MP3 Players - MOSOUND Bar (Red)~~~~review sample~~~~

 ****



 My tablet did fall from this dock thing and I have a dent on two corners:(




ear bud magnet should be redesigned to better retain or remove ear buds and some bass and depth would have been nice in the sound dept but so far so good



All 6 of these chargers quit working after only using them a couple of times, Do not waste your time or money on these!!!

The only issue is that when people see the nice long cables that always want to 'borrow' one from us :)


  So far so good with the Bluecell brand cables though!
